[Getting Started Docs][A/B test] Create Snippets from install docs (#6397)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/_snippets/install-php.mdx

> Add the following to composer.json:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the following to `composer.json`:
```

```json
{
    "require": {
        "posthog/posthog-php": "3.0.*"
    }
}
```

> And then install the dependencies with the command: `php composer.phar install`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And then install the dependencies with the command:

```bash
php composer.phar install
```

```

> In your app, set your API key before making any calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your app, set your project API key before making any calls.
```

```php
PostHog::init("<ph_project_api_key>",

>   array('host' => '<ph_instance_address>') // You can remove this line if you're using app.posthog.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  array('host' => '<ph_instance_address>') // TIP: You can remove this line if you're using app.posthog.com
```

);
```

> > **Note:** As a general rule of thumb, we do not recommend having API keys in plaintext. Setting it as an environment variable would be best.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** As a rule of thumb, we do not recommend having API keys in plaintext. Setting it as an environment variable is best.
```

> You can find your key in the 'Project Settings' page in PostHog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find your project API key and instance address in the [project settings](https://app.posthog.com/project/settings) page in PostHog.
```
